Everybody doctor you hear your physics ninja welcome.
So this is the multiple choice section so I've got 30 different problems for you.
A lot of kind of good problems just with resistors at the end.
Throw in some capacitors and test your understanding of their shorter problems but they're going to
test your comprehension hopefully kind of drill down what you've covered in the lectures.
So good luck.
The problem is the solutions are broken down.
I've paired them up so the videos aren't too long they're kind of easy to get through the PBF is linked
to this document at the end of the PTF is the answer key.
But you've got to watch the videos to get all the details.
All right.
Good luck everybody you have some fun.
Again if you ever have any questions reach out to me.
I'm here to help you.